Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
In the year 2020, Tokyo in Japan will be the official venue for the Olympic Games!
We're very close! Only 3 years left!
3 years will pass in the blink of an eye!
It's for that that I, Kizuna Ai, will attempt to create a mascot for the Olympic Games!
I'll think seriously and give my best to create a mascot that everyone desires
I'll fly around the world along with the character I made!
In that case, let's start at once!
History of the Olympic mascots!
*Learning Olympic Games Mascot's data...*
~Censoring voluntarily~
The first time a mascot was created for the Olympics was in the year 1968...
in the city of Grenoble in France...
Using a mysterious skier as a model
Was it really truly a mystery?
I see that they used a skier to model it, but...
It's definitely quite mysterious..
Ah, what type of character is this?
I definitely wouldn't have to base it on mascots of this era, right?
Ah, this mascot is adorable!
Waldi-chan, the sausage dog
It's adorable, right?
It's a dog originating from Germany, right?
For Japan's case...
I suppose it's the Shiba breed, right?
Ah, I see, they were based on famous products of each country, famous products?
Animals, right?
It looks like this is the main idea for the majority of the mascots
I see
A hedgehog!
What is this supposed to be?
Ah, dolls have also been used as well as animals
I see
Ah, China used the panda!
After all, the panda's image is strong
I see
Mmm? What's this?
"They're based on the fictional story of a retired worker who participated in the construction..."
"of the Olympic stadium and created these dolls for his grandson utilizing metal from the stadium"
I see
But the majority definitely uses animals as the base, right?
If we're talking about Japan...
We would probably have to talk about the Shiba dog, or the crane, or the cherry blossoms,...
or Mount Fuji!
Even though Mount Fuji is very cliche..
Tokyo Tower and Skytree also have...
these types of characters..
Mmm...
I see
I understand
In that case, I'll seriously consider thinking of a character right at this moment
Shiba dog!
Shiba dog
Shiba dog...
The Shiba dog has a little bit more of the cheeks, right?
Something like that?
It looks like a cat!
Well, as long as it's adorable...
"It's ok! It's ok!", right?
Mmm...
Shiba dog..
Ah, but it looks like a Shiba dog
The eyes of a Shiba dog
Shiba dog..
I'll draw the eyes
Shiba dog!
The Shiba dogs...
You know, in the Olympic Games...
There's some kind of circular symbols, right?
(Referring to the Olympic rings)
I'll make it so that it's eating something circular
Is it something like this?
Will it be like this?
It's something like that, right?
It's eating a circular object..
And from its head...
it's growing...
A cherry blossom
It also carries a leaf..
It looks ridiculous! (lol)
*inhales*
Ah, I can't anymore..
And later...
Taking advantage that it's about a character like this..
I'd like to... you know...
create it in a way that...
A costume of some kind can be manufactured
Something like that..
Something like "Pahun!", right?
And here, it'll have something adorable...
A navel that goes outward..
Eh... The navel being outward is not so adorable
Here...
Then...
This way...
Something...
It looks horrible, right?
What are these legs?
Something like that?
And later...
What more can I do?
I'll do something that resembles a crane, a crane..
The tail..
Something like that
Something like that!
Oh, but...
Doesn't it look adorable?
It's adorably dumb
Same as me, right?
I finished!
♪ De, deen! ♪
Shiba Sakura Tsuru Tarou!
(Shiba= dog breed, Sakura= cherry tree, Tsuru= crane, Tarou= Common dog name)
How does it look?
It's named the same way as it looks
But a character like this...
I think it's better to name it to how it looks...
That way it'll be much easier to remember
I've taken into consideration something like this
What do you think?
But perhaps aren't they be looking for something like this?
Can I participate in the mascot proposal with this character?
If they permit me, I already have it ready beforehand!
Are you guys watching me, sir organizers of the Olympic Games?
It's a pleasure to work with you!
So then, please be sure to support my Shiba Sakura Tsuru Tarou-kun
I'm counting on you guys!
Within three years...
Ah, it's possible that I've already disappeared by then...
Well, you know, if this character is accepted...
I'll definitely continue to exist within three years
So then, please!
Good!
This was Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai! See you later!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Vortex
Check out our Discord Channel for more details!
Of course...
It's not necessary to think up a character...
After all, you have a character here, right?
What do you think?
Of making Kizuna Ai an official character?
Please!